README.md, before:

<pre>
  .#####.      ';#########.        ######        ';#########.        
 ##     ##       ##      ##      ##      ##        ##      ##        
  ##             ##     .#`     ##        ##       ##     .#`        
    ##           ##----#`      ##          ##      ##----#`          
     ###    #    ##        #   ##          ##  #   ##   ##.     #    
       ##        ##             ##        ##       ##    '##.        
##    ##         ##              '#.    .#'        ##      '##.    .#
 '####`       '..##...'            '####'       '..##...'      '###` 
                                      ##.                            
       ,_,                             '##.,                         
       |C| mhahn                            '##.,    ,.##'           
       '-'                                       '##'                
</pre>
## Welcome to 42cursus/get_next_line Server Tester!
As of now, you need to run the server, which is written in Java, then
you can run the main test, which is written in C.

Please correct the include path in connection.h to your get_next_line header file.

Commit message:

Updated readme, added no server rule to makefile, added copyright to ascii art

README.md, after:

<pre>
  .#####.      ';#########.        ######        ';#########.        
 ##     ##       ##      ##      ##      ##        ##      ##        
  ##             ##     .#`     ##        ##       ##     .#`        
    ##           ##----#`      ##          ##      ##----#`          
     ###    #    ##        #   ##          ##  #   ##   ##.     #    
       ##        ##             ##        ##       ##    '##.        
##    ##         ##              '#.    .#'        ##      '##.    .#
 '####`       '..##...'            '####'       '..##...'      '###` 
                                      ##.                            
       ,_,                             '##.,                         
       |C| mhahn                            '##.,    ,.##'           
       '-'                                       '##'                
</pre>
# Welcome to 42cursus/get_next_line Server Tester!
In order to get started, you need to modify the variable ``GET_NEXT_LINE_PATH``
in the Makefile to the **absolute path** to your ``get_next_line`` folder. You
run the tester by simply typing ``make`` inside the folder of the tester.

## Further informations
You can also run the server application on another computer, to do so, edit the
``IP_ADDRESS`` and the ``PORT_NO`` variables in the Makefile to fit your needs.
Please note: As of now, you need to provide an IPv4 address, a URL is not
working (see issue #10). Then you need to run ``make noServer`` inside the
folder of the tester.

### Final notes
If you have questions, you can reach me on the 42 network using my intraname:
[mhahn](profile.intra.42.fr/users/mhahn). Special thanks are going to [@Nijakow](github.com/nijakow), who helped me to get this started so fast. If you have improvements or further ideas, feel free to open an issue or a pull request.
